Hi. I'm Mark Thompson, and I'm the founder
and creative director of MarkMedia,
a creative communications and marketing agency.
I did NFTE when I was in high school.
The problem I wanted to solve was my school’s yearbook.
Like any yearbook club, there’s about four to five
people that mostly put pictures of themselves and
their friends in the yearbook, and a lot of
people end up getting left out, including me.
Plus, the yearbook cost about 80 to 100 dollars,
and I didn't think it was fair that you might only
see yourself one or two times in the yearbook.
With NFTE, I made a business plan to create a new yearbook.
It would be a video which was really new at the time.
This was before social media.
I got student feedback on what they wanted in the
yearbook and what they would be willing to pay.
Then I went out and shot all the best school events,
from sports, class life, senior interviews,
put really cool music on it and special effects,
and sold it at a very competitive price.
It was very successful.
Then I went to the University of Michigan Business School.
At Michigan, I saw that most students
now had their own digital cameras
and it made me think that instead of just me creating the
yearbook, everyone could collaborate on this project
and we can all add in our photos and
videos using sharing technology.
I took this business plan,
which I called VidFlips to a number of business competitions
and I ended up winning entrepreneur of the year.
After I graduated from Michigan, I went into
finance and eventually venture capital.
When I was in venture capital, I evaluated startups and
entrepreneurs to see what our fund would invest in.
I noticed that a lot of startups, while they
had great business ideas and great teams,
they didn't often have the strongest
visual marketing materials.
I especially saw this for social impact companies,
who were doing amazing work in great
communities, but it wasn't being captured.
I launched MarkMedia because I saw that I could support
nonprofits, foundations, startups, and investors
to better capture their work, so that they
could keep focusing on growing their mission.
For me, opportunity recognition has always
been about my own interests and abilities,
and seeing what problems I could uniquely solve.
Because my talent is visual communication and
technology, I see opportunities in that area.
That's been the theme of my entrepreneurial journey.
For any young entrepreneur, I'd say to trust your viewpoint
and perspective because the problems that you see
– other people might not see them
because they don't have the same lens
– and that positions you to develop really interesting
solutions that no one else could think of.
And that's what makes an entrepreneur.